NARRATOR: Lumiose City
is under a vicious attack
by the sudden appearance
of destructive
creeping vines everywhere:
an attack masterminded
by Lysandre and Team Flare,
using the Legendary
Pokémon Zygarde.
While Clemont, Bonnie,
and Serena were heading over
to Prism Tower,
Ash was taken captive there!
And Squishy, seeing the
destruction of Lumiose City,
has transformed into Zygarde!
Now, it stands
before the other Zygarde,
who is under
Team Flare's control,
in order to stop
its vicious rampage.
B ZYGARDE 50%/ZYGARDE SQUISHY:
[ROARING]
ASH: Wow, Squishy... is Zygarde?
ZYGARDE SQUISHY: [ROARING]
LYSANDRE: Yes.
Zygarde is the Legendary Pokémon
who watches over the world
and punishes those who
dare to disrupt its order.
LYSANDRE: You are
witnessing the rage of Zygarde,
as well as Team Flare.
This world will
start over again!
LYSANDRE: Soon enough,
the other Zygarde
will come
around to our way of thinking.
Then, it will
turn red with rage!
ASH: No, you're wrong!
ASH: Squishy would
never think like that!
PIKACHU: [DEFIANT]
ASH: Alain! What's going
on with all of this?!
Say something!
JESSIE: Look at that!
At the center of the
vines winding their way
through Lumiose
are two giant Pokémon!
It is believed they are Zygarde‐
the Legendary Pokémon!
ZYGARDE SQUISHY: [PLEADING]
ZYGARDE SQUISHY: [FRUSTRATED]
BONNIE: Squishy, no!
BRYONY: Stop getting distracted!
ALIANA:
Druddigon, use Dark Pulse!
DRUDDIGON: [DARK PULSE MOVE]
GARCHOMP: [ATTACK]
GARCHOMP: [DETERMINED]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
That was a close one.
CLEMONT: Professor Sycamore!
SERENA: Mairin!
BRYONY: What? I thought...
ALIANA: That little brat...
MAIRIN: Professor...Look!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: Zygarde...
B ZYGARDE 50%: [THREATENING]
ZYGARDE SQUISHY:
That is enough! Now wake up!
B ZYGARDE 50%: [ROARING]
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
ZYGARDE SQUISHY: [EXPLAINING]
BONNIE: Squishy... Zygarde.
Please listen to what
Squishy's telling you!
ZYGARDE SQUISHY: [ROARING]
ALIANA: Mega‐Evolved Pokémon.
BRYONY:
Might be more of a challenge.
Liepard, use Shadow Claw!
LIEPARD: [SHADOW CLAW MOVE]
BLAZIKEN MASK:
Blaziken, use Blaze Kick!
MEGA BLAZIKEN: [BLAZE KICK MOVE]
CLEMONT: Help us out...
Bunnelby and Chespin!
CLEMBOT: Go, Heliolisk!
BUNNELBY, CHESPIN, HELIOLISK:
[DETERMINED]
CLEMONT: All set?
BUNNELBY, CHESPIN, LUXRAY,
HELIOLISK: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT: Luxray use Wild Charge!
LUXRAY: [WILD CHARGE MOVE]
BRYONY, ALIANA: Dodge it!
DRUDDIGON: [EFFORT]
CLEMONT:
Chespin, use Pin Missile!
CLEMBOT:
Heliolisk, use Dragon Tail!
CHESPIN: [PIN MISSILE MOVE]
HELIOLISK: [DRAGON TAIL MOVE]
LIEPARD: [EFFORT]
DRUDDIGON: [EFFORT]
BRYONY:
Now, Liepard, Dark Pulse!
LIEPARD: [DARK PULSE MOVE]
CLEMONT: Use Mud Shot!
BUNNELBY: [MUD SHOT MOVE]
BLAZIKEN MASK:
Blaziken, use Flamethrower!
MEGA BLAZIKEN:
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
ALIANA: Druddigon,
dodge and use Dragon Claw!
DRUDDIGON: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
MAIRIN: Serena...
Did you see Alain and Ash?
They said they were
going to Prism Tower.
SERENA:
Not yet. I haven't seen them.
MAIRIN:
If something bad happened...
SERENA: You don't have to
worry about Alain and Ash.
You know they're both strong!
MAIRIN: I'm still so
worried about Chespie, too...
MAIRIN: Chespie's been
asleep for quite a while.
MAIRIN: It won't wake up.
SERENA:
Oh no. Mairin, I'm so sorry!
MAIRIN: Don't be. It'll be fine!
Right now, Chespie's being
treated at Lysandre Labs.
They're awesome!
SERENA: If there's anything
we can do, just let us know.
We'll do whatever
we can to help!
SERENA: Mairin? Chespie's
at Lysandre Labs, right?
MAIRIN: Yeah. Right!
SERENA: Clemont?
CLEMONT: Of course you
should go! Don't worry.
We can handle
everything around here!
Take care of Mairin and Chespie!
SERENA: Clemont, thanks!
Let's go. Chespie needs us!
MAIRIN: 'Kay!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
I'll go, too.
I've got a car
back at the lab...
BRYONY:
I don't know what you're up to,
but we will not be ignored!
Liepard, Shadow Claw!
LIEPARD:
[SHADOW CLAW MOVE] [PAINED]
CLEMONT: All right, let's go!
SERENA: Thanks, Clemont!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: Blaziken
Mask, take care of this!
BLAZIKEN MASK: Leave it to me!
ALIANA: Well then, I guess we'll
just leave them to Celosia.
BRYONY: Then that leaves us to
do our job the way we always do.
CLEMONT: I remind you:
You're up against the
Leader of the Lumiose Gym!
JAMES: Lysandre Labs?
MEOWTH: Could that be the
glasses gang's secret base?
JESSIE: Could be.
We don't need glasses to look.
LYSANDRE: Alain?
This is all thanks to you.
LYSANDRE: Mega Evolution
energy gives us power.
The power to control Zygarde.
LYSANDRE: The Mega Evolution
energy you gathered
is proving to be quite useful in
destroying this imperfect world.
LYSANDRE: Just look.
LYSANDRE: There is no
tomorrow for this world.
When the sun rises next,
it will be brand‐new.
How beautiful the
end of this world is.
We are truly taking the
first step towards peace.
ASH: Alain...
ALAIN: Mairin! Chespie!
Is this the reason I
had all of those battles?!
All of them for THIS?!
For this?! FOR THIS?!
MAIRIN: You see...
Chespie's been
asleep for quite a while.
It won't wake up.
ASH: That's it.
That's why Alain did this.
LYSANDRE: For Chespie's sake.
For Mairin's sake, too.
Your wish had pure intent.
A truly noble wish, indeed.
JESSIE: Hold on! What are you
doing in such a dangerous place?
MAIRIN: We have to
go to Lysandre Labs!
My precious Chespie is there!
JAMES:
You jest! Why, that's terrible!
MEOWTH: So step on the gas!
JESSIE: We happen to
be from Lumiose City TV!
Perfect timing!
Where to? We'll whisk you
there in our newscopter!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
That would be a big help!
SERENA/MAIRIN: Thanks so much!
JESSIE: Think nothing of it!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH: A friend
in need is a friend indeed.
JAMES:
Blue yonder, here we come!
JESSIE:
And what are we heading for?
Team Flare's secret base!
SERENA: Wait. What did you say?
JESSIE: I said, you've
got flair and a lucky face!
BONNIE:
Squishy... I hope it hears you!
And your heart...
DEDENNE: [WORRIED]
BONNIE: Oh, Squishy!
DEDENNE: [DETERMINED]
BONNIE: Okay!
DIANTHA: Hurry up!
MEN (2): Thank you, Diantha!
SAWYER: Champion!
SAWYER: Diantha, you've got
to let us help you, please!
DIANTHA: Sawyer...
SHAUNA: We can't
just stand by and watch!
TIERNO:
Yeah we want to help you!
TREVOR: Please, Diantha?
DIANTHA: In that case,
rescuing children and
the elderly comes first!
DIANTHA:
Can you bring them here?
TREVOR: All right!
SHAUNA: We'll take care of it.
TIERNO: All right!
SAWYER: You can count on us!
JAMES: If we take control...
JESSIE: Of their secret base...
MEOWTH: Team Rocket is
copping the keys to Kalos,
and then we'll be
running the place!
ZYGARDE SQUISHY: [ROARING]
XEROSIC: It won't be long
before you become ours as well!
LYSANDRE: So, Ash...
I'm going to use
your Bond Phenomenon
in service to my new world!
LYSANDRE: You're able to
gain that powerful strength
without a Key Stone!
Purely through your bond!
When I saw that, I was thrilled.
LYSANDRE: Ash, you have shown me
there arelimitless possibilities
with Pokémon. Still!
LYSANDRE: And I want
that power for myself!
LYSANDRE:
The energy from this light
is powerful enough
to control Zygarde.
But now, Ash! Now, Greninja!
I'm also going to
control your Bond Phenomenon!
ASH: No way...
LYSANDRE: From this point on...
both of you will answer to me!
ASH/GRENINJA: [PAINED]
PIKACHU: [DISTRESSED]
NOIVERN: [DISTRESSED]
HAWLUCHA: [DISTRESSED]
GOODRA: [DISTRESSED]
TALONFLAME: [DISTRESSED]
GRENINJA: [PAINED]
ALAIN:
Lysandre, please stop this!
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
GRENINJA: [SURPRISED]
ASH: There's no way you're ever
gonna control the two of us!
LYSANDRE: You still
don't understand, do you, Ash?
When the current world
becomes a thing of the past,
you two will
become the chosen ones
who will guide all of humanity!
ASH: We're never
gonna become any of that!
We're not ever gonna change.
Alain!
ASH: I don't know
what happened to you,
but you've gotta stop all this,
NOW!
ASH: I don't care
about what you've done.
I... I believe in
the Alain I know!
ASH:
I really care about this world!
I care about the people
and Pokémon who
call this world home,
and you won't destroy it!
NO WAY!
ASH: Battle me, Lysandre!
GRENINJA: [RISING YELL]
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Zygarde 50% Forme!
GRENINJA: [RISING YELL]
ALAIN: Ash, no! Are you okay?
ASH: Alain...
LYSANDRE: Truly brilliant!
Mega Evolution energy
can't stop your bond!
ALAIN: Because of you...
my head is clear.
ASH: Awesome!
ALAIN: We've got to
stop this! Together!
ASH: Now you're talking!
ALAIN: Charizard, let's go!
CHARIZARD: [APPEARING]
ALAIN: Use Dragon Claw to
free Pikachu and the rest!
CHARIZARD: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
ASH: You ready to do this?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
LYSANDRE: Do you honestly
think you can defeat me?
ALAIN: We must!
We're going to prove to you
that protecting
someone takes real strength.
By beating you!
LYSANDRE:
Alain, you really disappoint me.
None of you will be needed
in the new world I'm creating.
ASH: Needed or not needed...
Who are you to
make that decision?!
LYSANDRE: I've got no choice.
LYSANDRE: You will be stopped...
LYSANDRE:
And I'll do it...MYSELF!
BRYONY:
Liepard, use Shadow Claw!
ALIANA:
And Druddigon, use Dragon Claw!
LIEPARD: [SHADOW CLAW MOVE]
DRUDDIGON: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
CLEMBOT: Heliolisk, use Flash!
HELIOLISK: [FLASH MOVE]
LIEPARD/DRUDDIGON: [PAINED]
CLEMONT:
Luxray, use Wild Charge!
LUXRAY: [WILD CHARGE MOVE]
LIEPARD/DRUDDIGON: [PAINED]
CLEMONT: Chespin, Pin Missile!
Bunnelby, Mud Shot!
BUNNELBY: [MUD SHOT MOVE]
CHESPIN: [PIN MISSILE MOVE]
LIEPARD/DRUDDIGON: [PAINED]
ALIANA: Druddigon!
BRYONY: Liepard!
LIEPARD/DRUDDIGON: [STUNNED]
ALIANA: Now, return!
ALIANA: H‐Hey!
BRYONY: Let me go!
CLEMBOT:
Targets have been captured!
CLEMONT: Excellent job, Clembot!
BRYONY: This is your fault!
ALIANA: No, it's your fault!
ZYGARDE SQUISHY: [PAINED]
BONNIE: Squishy!
ZYGARDE SQUISHY: [CALLING]
DEDENNE: [CONCERNED]
ZYGARDE SQUISHY: [PAINED]
BLAZIKEN: [EFFORT]
BLAZIKEN MASK: Young lady!
Why were you there all alone?
BONNIE: I'm scared Squishy's...
Squishy's gonna lose...
ZYGARDE SQUISHY : [PAINED]
BONNIE: No! Squishy, no...NOOOO!
BLAZIKEN MASK:
What's going on, Bonnie?
BONNIE:
What happened to my Squishy?
XEROSIC: True success!
XEROSIC: Lysandre, the other
Zygarde
is under our control now!
ASH: It can't be...
PIKACHU: [DISBELIEVING]
LYSANDRE: My world of peace
will be created much faster now.
ASH: How can you say that peace
has anything to do with this?
LYSANDRE:
What would you know about peace?
LYSANDRE: You don't have a clue
when it comes to the
ugly parts of this world!
LYSANDRE: There once was a time
when I reached
out to help people.
People who were in need,
and suffering...
LYSANDRE: And they rejoiced.
LYSANDRE:
But that didn't last long!
They all began to
take my help for granted
and expected it like
they had some sort of right!
LYSANDRE: The people
only became louder and louder
with their demands,
and my help actually
brought about their arrogance!
LYSANDRE:
Foolish, arrogant people...
LYSANDRE: It would
only be a matter of time
before their world
would be destroyed
by their entitlement...
LYSANDRE: That's why I'm
going to create a new world!
A world of peace!
LYSANDRE:
It's time for a new start.
To create my utopian dream!
LYSANDRE: But that dream...
has no room for you!
GYARADOS: [APPEARING]
PYROAR: [APPEARING]
ASH: Gyarados and Pyroar!
LYSANDRE: Now, Gyarados,
release your
Mega Evolution energy!
GYARADOS: [MEGA EVOLUTION]
ALAIN: Respond to my heart,
Key Stone! Beyond Evolution!
Mega Evolve!
CHARIZARD: [MEGA EVOLUTION]
ASH: 'Kay
PIKACHU/ASH‐GRENINJA/
NOIVERN/TALONFLAME/
HAWLUCHA/GOODRA/CHARIZARD:
[AFFIRMATIVE]
MAIRIN: Over there!
MABLE: Oh, you're back.
How was Lumiose?
CELOSIA: It was a
real festival of vines.
Too bad you had to stay here.
TEAM FLARE GRUNT: Mable?
TEAM FLARE GRUNT:
A media copter is approaching.
CELOSIA: Media copter?
MABLE: You know the drill.
Let's give our
guests a warm welcome.
CLEMONT: It appears that the
lock code has been changed.
CLEMBOT: I can handle this!
CLEMBOT:
Analyzing all possible codes...
B ZYGARDE 50%: [ROARING]
LYSANDRE: Pyroar and Gyarados,
use Incinerate!
MEGA GYARADOS/PYROAR:
[INCINERATE MOVE]
ASH: Pikachu and Goodra,
use Thunderbolt
and Dragon Pulse!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
GOODRA: [DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
ASH: Greninja, use Cut!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
LYSANDRE: All right,
Pyroar, use Hyper Beam!
PYROAR: [HYPER BEAM MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EFFORT]
ASH: Noivern, Boomburst!
NOIVERN: [BOOMBURST MOVE]
ALAIN: Charizard,
Dragon Claw, let's go!
MEGA CHARIZARD:
[DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
PYROAR: [SURPRISED]
LYSANDRE:
Gyarados, use Stone Edge!
MEGA GYARADOS: [STONE EDGE MOVE]
MEGA CHARIZARD: [PAINED]
ASH: Noivern and Hawlucha,
use Dragon Claw and Karate Chop!
HAWLUCHA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
LYSANDRE: All right,
Pyroar, use Fire Fang!
PYROAR: [FIRE FANG MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [KARATE CHOP MOVE]
ASH:
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt NOW!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
PIKACHU: [EXHAUSTED]
NARRATOR:
In the face of great danger,
everyone is doing what they can,
battling in their own ways.
PYROAR: [WEAK]
NARRATOR: What will
become of Ash and Alain
as they face off
against Lysandre?
ASH:
We're not gonna let you win.
We'll save Squishy!
Your selfishness will
not destroy the world!
NARRATOR: The greatest
threat in Kalos history
is about to move into an
even more critical stage,
as the journey continues!